1321844607
AVAILABLE	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/models/status_controll.rb	  AVAILABLE   =
AVAILABLE	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/models/vacancy.rb	  AVAILABLE   =
Ability	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/models/ability.rb	class Ability
ApplicationController	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
AutoCompleteController	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/controllers/auto_complete_controller.rb	class AutoCompleteController 
BUSY	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/models/status_controll.rb	  BUSY        =
BUSY	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/models/vacancy.rb	  BUSY        =
FLASH_TYPES	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  FLASH_TYPES =
HomeController	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/controllers/home_controller.rb	class HomeController 
HomeHelper	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/helpers/home_helper.rb	module HomeHelper
Map	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/models/map.rb	class Map 
MapHelper	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/helpers/map_helper.rb	module MapHelper
MapsController	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/controllers/maps_controller.rb	class MapsController 
RESTRICTED	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/models/status_controll.rb	  RESTRICTED  =
RESTRICTED	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/models/vacancy.rb	  RESTRICTED  =
Sector	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/models/sector.rb	class Sector 
StatusControll	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/models/status_controll.rb	class StatusControll 
StatusControllsController	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/controllers/status_controlls_controller.rb	class StatusControllsController 
User	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/models/user.rb	class User 
UserSession	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/models/user_session.rb	class UserSession 
UserSessionsController	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/controllers/user_sessions_controller.rb	class UserSessionsController 
UsersController	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	class UsersController 
VacanciesController	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/controllers/vacancies_controller.rb	class VacanciesController 
VacanciesHelper	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/helpers/vacancies_helper.rb	module VacanciesHelper
Vacancy	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/models/vacancy.rb	class Vacancy 
VacancyObserver	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/models/vacancy_observer.rb	class VacancyObserver 
VacancyStatus	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/models/vacancy_status.rb	class VacancyStatus 
after_create	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/models/vacancy_observer.rb	  def after_create(vacancy)
after_update	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/models/vacancy_observer.rb	  def after_update(vacancy)
check_box_status	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/helpers/vacancies_helper.rb	  def check_box_status(vacancy)
combo	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/models/map.rb	    def combo
coordenates	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/controllers/vacancies_controller.rb	  def coordenates
create	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/controllers/maps_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/controllers/user_sessions_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/controllers/vacancies_controller.rb	  def create
current_user	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	    def current_user
current_user_session	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	    def current_user_session
destroy	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/controllers/maps_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/controllers/user_sessions_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/controllers/vacancies_controller.rb	  def destroy
edit	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/controllers/maps_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/controllers/vacancies_controller.rb	  def edit
get_report	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/controllers/status_controlls_controller.rb	    def get_report
index	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/controllers/home_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/controllers/maps_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/controllers/vacancies_controller.rb	  def index
initialize	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/models/ability.rb	  def initialize(user)
is_active?	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def is_active?(controller_name)
logged_in?	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def logged_in?
make_pdf	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/controllers/status_controlls_controller.rb	  def make_pdf
maps_list	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/controllers/auto_complete_controller.rb	  def maps_list
new	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/controllers/maps_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/controllers/user_sessions_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/controllers/vacancies_controller.rb	  def new
per_page	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/models/map.rb	  cattr_reader :per_page
per_page	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/models/status_controll.rb	  cattr_reader :per_page
per_page	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/models/vacancy.rb	  cattr_reader :per_page
redirect_back_or_default	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	    def redirect_back_or_default(default)
reload_map	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/controllers/maps_controller.rb	  def reload_map
report	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/models/vacancy_status.rb	    def report
require_no_user	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	    def require_no_user
require_user	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	    def require_user
role?	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/models/user.rb	  def role?(role)
search	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/controllers/status_controlls_controller.rb	  def search
setLog	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/models/vacancy_observer.rb	    def setLog(vacancy, current_status)
show	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/controllers/maps_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/controllers/status_controlls_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/controllers/vacancies_controller.rb	  def show
show_error_in_form	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def show_error_in_form(text)
show_msg	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def show_msg(text, type)
store_location	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	    def store_location
to_key	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/models/user_session.rb	  def to_key
update	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/controllers/maps_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/controllers/vacancies_controller.rb	  def update
updateLog	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/models/vacancy_observer.rb	    def updateLog(status_controll, vacancy)
update_coordendas	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/controllers/vacancies_controller.rb	  def update_coordendas
vacancy_changed?	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/models/map.rb	  def vacancy_changed?(vacancies_status)
vacancy_status	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def vacancy_status(vacancy)
vacancy_status	/home/carinabs8/projects/Parking-lot/app/helpers/map_helper.rb	  def vacancy_status(vacancy)
